DOC document how to use paid plugins (#31)
silverstripe/silverstripe-htmleditor-tinymce: docs/en/01_Configuration.md

> [TinyMCE documentation of this option](https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/tinymce/6/toolbar-configuration-options/#toolbar)
> for more details.

## Enabling premium plugins

TinyMCE has plugins that are only available on a paid plan; see [their documentation](https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/tinymce/6/plugins/#premium-plugins).

> To use these, you must first generate an API key and store that securely (such as in your `.env`) and insert that as part of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use these, you must first generate an API key and store that securely (such as in an environment variable) and insert that as part of the
```

source URL as follows:

```php
// app/_config.php
use SilverStripe\Core\Environment;
use SilverStripe\TinyMCE\TinyMCEConfig;

> // grab the API key from your .env file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// grab the API key from your environment variables
```
could e.g. be server-level env vars, or env vars in a docker compose file, etc

$apiKey = Environment::getEnv('SS_TINYMCE_API_KEY');

// lay out the format for the CDN endpoint
$template = 'https://cdn.tiny.cloud/1/%s/tinymce/6/plugins/%s/plugin.min.js';

> TinyMCEConfig::get('cms')->enablePremiumPlugins([

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TinyMCEConfig::get('cms')->enablePlugins([
```
